Add an example (wasm web app) (#71)
meilisearch/meilisearch-rust: examples/web_app/README.md

# Meili crates browser 2000

> This example is a clone of [crates.meilisearch.com](https://crates.meilisearch.com), but I rewrote the frontend in Rust.\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example is a clone of [crates.meilisearch.com](https://crates.meilisearch.com), but the front-end is written in Rust! The Rust source files are compiled into WebAssembly and so can be readable by the browsers.

```

> It's using the same MeiliSearch server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial is using the same MeiliSearch server as the original project, which means you can follow the next steps without running your own MeiliSearch instance.
```
